For this project, I will be using the “german_credit_numeric” dataset that I found on TensorFlow website.  The source of the dataset is from UCI.  This dataset is small, with only 1000 instances or observations, but there are a total of 20 variables.  The dataset contains both categorical and interger data types.  The data is quite old, dating back to 1994.  
The research questions are training a model that will accurately predict a person’s credit rating (or rather predict and identify those who are more likely to default before they actually default or even lent money to them).  Also, through this research I would like to find out about whether there are certain features that are distinctive or most prominent features that separate the good creditor from bad creditor.  What do these determinents/factors reflect about people’s life, socioeconomic aspects, wealth gaps, among other potential issues or matters that may be inferred from the results of the investigation.
The models/approaches I will use are “classify structured data with feature columns”, “classify structured data with preprocessing layers”, the models used for iris dataset, and perhaps “classification on imbalanced data”.  The target is a 5-class variable.  I will first train with all classes as one single target variable, and test out different combinations and settings of feature columns (OR preprocessing layers).  Then, I will also test out binary models, each of which sets one of the 5 classes as “1” and the others “0”s; so there will be a total of 5 binary models.  For these binary models, different settings of feature columns (or preprocessing layers) will be tested as well. 